Reviewer 2 of ECC'15 submission 697

Comments to the author
======================

The paper presents the first application of a new method
for the optimal computattion of trajectoris of vehicles
moving in dynamic environments, based on the solution of
the Hamilton-Jacobi-Isaacs (HJI) variational inequalities
(VI). After introducing the problem and describing its
importance, the
author give a brief state of the art of the planning
methods in dynamic environments that guarantee safety and
then give the general problem formulation. The departure
times of the vehicles are variable and bounded by the
Earliest Start Time (EST) and Latest Start Time (LST), the
arrival time is given by the scheduled arrival time (STA),
and the fixed and moving obstacles are represented by disks
of various radius called Danger sets. To apply the theory
developed by the authors, the vehicles are prioritezed and
the trajectories are computed in a sequential manner
(sequentiona path planning SPP), first those of more
important vehicles and then those of less important
vehicles by avoiding the other trajectories. The paper
compares then the the minimum time solutions computed by
two methods, the direct solution of the HJI IV and the SPP
approach for the simple case of two moving vehicles, which
is numerically tractable. For a more complex case with four
vehicles, only the SPP solution is computationally feasible
and the paper gives the solution for the four vehicles and
the evolution of the reach-avoid sets for one of the
vechicles.

The paper is very interesting and well written, and there
are no significant observations to the paper. However, it
would be good to include a discussion on the existance of a
solution to the problem when using the SPP approach. In
fact, the inability to change the trajectories already
computed for the higher priorities vehicles, may prevent
the computation of a solution for the lower priority
vehicles. Given the small computation time of the
algorithm, it would be interesting to compare the solutions
obtained by rotating the priorities of the vehicles, and to
develop an example in which the solutions for some of the
vehicles do not exhist. 